I beg you to be impulsive
You must help me
If there are no shares
In the future, the temporary group will not have my style.
Want some?
You, a foreigner, are also delusional about burning fat Lin's
From now on, Guo Dening is a member of the family
Remove the president of the group
Will be an ordinary employee of the company
At the same time, take back all the shares in its name
Possession of a family member
escrow
It's my fault though
But I have been in the company for the past two years
I am also diligent
So heartless
Mom, you have to help me
You have to help me.
Mom, I'm heartless
If you hadn't gone your own way
How could things have come to this?
Reduce you to an ordinary employee
Just to make you reflect
The stupid things you did
Want you to be a project with the Midstate Chamber of Commerce
re-cooperate
Bastard, mother can only cut you
Otherwise, what you know is
Lin Dong, who will definitely not give up
You steal company trade secrets
sin is unforgivable
Immediately hand over the business while investigating the second aunt
This is the idea of the zodiac
I was ordered to ask for instructions to throw it out, Second Aunt
Second Aunt
Look at the processing result like this.
Are you satisfied?